southern James I've noticed you've
reposition the seat box why is that mate
well we're going to switch tactics now
as you know and I'm going to fish the
method feeder and it's kind of the
middle of the day and boats are dried up
but we spotted some carpet rolling along
those margins at that end of the lake
yeah so what actually going to do is
fish the method feeder tight against
that Bank and I needed to reposition so
I've got the rod rest in the right
position in the right position and and
we're going to give it a good go okay so
I've got my method feeder ready and I'm
going to cast it over to that spot one
thing that's really key when you Fisher
the method feeder is accuracy so there's
two things you've got to do you want to
line up with the far bank so you're
constantly dropping the feed you in the
same place yeah but also I've used a
line clip to fix the distance that I'm
casting right okay yeah so it's going to
keep dropping in the same place so I'm
going to line up with that tree on the
far bank say my overhead casters with
the float and we've got the feeder just
into position there near the far bank I
noticed you kick the rod up there
slightly when you emit well what the
reason I did that was I wanted to try
and feather the feeder down into
position because obviously the lines
going to be stopped on the clip yeah I
want to just gently place the feeder on
okay and this is this is a first caster
the lines about sinking very well but
you'll notice that I did nothing with
the rod I haven't wound anything in I've
just let the feeder hit the bottom I
felt it down hit the bottom and I've put
the road straight now and that's how
it's very important and critical to get
the position of the rod rest perfect so
that when you cast and put the rod down
you go straight onto the road list you
don't want to be dragging the feeder
over to a rod rest over here because
you're defeating the object of what's so
efficient about the method feeder to get
that very tight area of feed and the
fish feeding in it what you'll find is
you need to probably take two or three
cats before you start getting any action
what you're doing is just gradually
building up the peg in the same way as
we did with the Wagler
loose feeding we're not using a massive
method feeder and just casting in and
leaving we'll probably cast out and
leave it for maximum of five minutes and
then repeat the process okay now you
will see that you get little tops and
Jags and pulls on the tip did you see
that there yeah and that's obviously a
fish activity around the area don't do
anything about it you're waiting for a
very very positive bite in fact the rod
or just most probably get pulled around
okay no striking involved remember the
Fisher's hooked itself let's just pick
the road up keep it low and then
gradually start to play the fish but ok
and let's get another feeder full out
there so once again open the bail arm
yea noise smooth cast over to the spot
stop it and just drop it into position
look okay and as I said before the road
rest is there I'll engage the bail arm
and all I've got to do is put the rudd
down on the rod rest and we're fishing I
don't do anything yeah so now we're
waiting James I are the bite pretty
unmissable here well like I told you
that's the key advantage of using a
method feeder the fish hooks itself so
you will get the indications and nuts
and taps I've talked about but when you
get a bite it will be a very positive
affair if that's if you weren't here
you'd probably pull the rod in whatever
you do don't leave the rod under 10 this
because you likely to lose a lot
that's what made there you go and really
good boy wasn't it yeah fantastic mate
but it doesn't feel like a massive fish
but as you can see I'm keeping the rod
low yep and that you'll find that the
fish don't fight is hard okay and just
keep reeling keep that bending the rod
and do everything nice and smoothly
so I'm going to change the angle on the
fish with a side strain
and as it starts to come closer in start
to give it a bit more pressure but as
you can see and that just took off again
so just let it go you just don't want to
be rushing it I mean clownfish is the
best part of the whole thing so I can't
see any point in rushing unless it falls
off the horse of course yeah all right
there that looks about ready now and so
get the landing it out into position get
the head of the fish up yeah and then
just nice and gently bring it over the
net brilliant there you go I don't mate
it's in the back so once again just to
reiterate what we said about one hooking
the fish yep just going to keep the fish
in the net between my legs and then with
the disgorge er how come very easily get
the hook out the fish's mouth haven't
damaged a fish like the fish up dropped
it and i'm just going to transfer it
directly into the key now i don't mate
time for your turn oh nice one man that
was quick just made it being it only
been in for about 10 seconds that's nice
just bring the fish fish in and keep the
rod low to the water perfect you can see
the nice curve in the road can't you
yeah all right now just bring it over
around to the side keeping tension on
the line that's it and just take your
time and when you start to fill the
fishies come in that's the time to just
gently lift the rod and bring him up
don't bring them in to close that's it
just lift the road up now Andy brilliant
that's it keep the pressure on stop
really now because we've got it close
enough in well hey get in okay well you
ever go on hooking him yeah okay
oh you'll kick a bit for start with us
come off now so just tea can tip him
directly straight into the net don't
have to bring the fish out at all okay
pull the bottom of the net now so that
it tips in nice one mate
now I'm hooked on fishing